Story ideas go here:

Players are wizards that can create spells, goal of the game is to reign supreme over 
the npc wizards, in other words control more territories than the other characters using
spells and armies to conquer those territories. A Risk like strategy game in which there
 are turns. Players can choose to change their play style by changing the types of magic
 that they use, allows for different tactics.

List of Spells (takes time to research and combine spells):
	Basic Magic Types:
		Fire
			Formulate fire into many different shapes, casting fire spells on those who have
			just recieved damage from an ice spell will cause more damage, fire spells will 
			give a burn effect.
		Water
			Can use the flowing arts of water manipulation, is effective against fire magic.
			Ice Magic
				A sub part of water magic, this is the magic created when sufficiently cooling 
				the water molecules used in water magic to form ice.
		Wind
			Wind magic is the ability to control the wind in order to move it. Wind magic is a
			starting point for lightning magic.
			Lightning Magic is a sub part of wind magic. You need several different types of
			 magic to create lightning magic.
		Light
			Light magic is effective against the dark, useful in situations where one cannot 
			see it, also has the effect of healing someone, can be considered to be a magic 
			for those of "good" alignment.
		Dark 
			Dark magic is effective against the light, useful in surprise tactics, is used for
			 cursing, can be considered as a magic for those of "evil" alignment.
		Psychic
			Mind magic, a more mysterious magic where one would influence anothers thoughts, 
			using this kind of mind magic. There are many uses for this kind of magic and it 
			would be the most versatile of magics.

There are many ways one can combine these magics. First off there are no set spells the 
game engine will force you to make your own spells so as to get a good lead. This means 
that ones skill level is based on their imagination and ingenuity with manipulating 
magic. The AI has to be smart enough to be able to read what their opponent is doing and 
cut him off from doing that, but the AI should only do things that are beneficial for 
themselves that is, if they are weak, they should ally with a strong opponent, leech 
until they are stronger and then try and overtake the ally. If there is a strong AI, the
 AI should definitely try to become the strongest, but this means only declaring war 
 against those who it would have a sure fire win against. The AI will only research 
 magic in a way to try and counter all of the opponents. This means that if one 
 researches light, the AI will research Dark, and other things to counteract wha
 tever it should so that it will reach a level of magic cultivation that it simply 
 cannot be beat. This should mean that the AI will have thought of all of the user 
 strategies, strong AI strategies and picked a strategy to defend against those.

The user will be able to pick their own name, and maybe race which might have something 
to do with stats, there may or may not be stats in this game. The basis of the game is 
to stay ahead of the AI in terms of researching magic, and also to try and conquer the 
AI territory. There may be a multiplayer mode sometime in the future. The user will also
 be able to input his own ideas about magic research, formulation, and creation in order
  to advance in the game. This system will take the longest to get right as it deals 
  with a relatively advanced sounding AI system.
 
To learn how the user wants to begin with refining his type of magic, the first thing to 
do would be to prompt the user to describe exactly what he is thinking of doing in 
regards to the magic, and then by reading the input string, will the AI be able to 
create that type of magic training for him. There should be levels for magic cultivation.

The first iteration of the game should simply be something where the person will be able 
to use the system to create their magic. This is the most important detail about this 
game; the combination of magic and the creation of new spells based on imagination of 
the user. The system will have some limitations, but in order to counteract that there 
will definitely be various methods such as giving a large amount of possibilities for 
the creation of spells.

